Project Title:
2 player battleship

Team:
Brice Davis
Zach Stull

Project Objective:

We are trying to create a twist on the classic battleship game everyone knows and loves. This will include core fundementals included in the base game, with some extra features to spice up gameplay
Scope: A 2 client game with turn based actions until a winner is decided.
Inclusions:

1. Create a skeleton of files needed (server, client, game engine, score track counter, historical data, etc.)
2. Research already finished games with libraries we can use to make dev easier
3. Start with Server-client connections on both local machine and lab machines 
4. Begin with game code, this will be done offline to start, as implementing simple wait and accept commands will be ideal
    - this is because battle ship is a turn based game, meaning the server will be a simple "wait until command is given"
5. Once game code is written, implement the TCP connection features
6. Debug game with TCP connections, including edge cases with TCP and possible game bugs over network
7. Implement other features ontop of game, such as, score keeping, historical game data, user accounts, etc.
8. Add any last second things to fix/make game cooler
Exclusions:
NA

Deliverables:

    1. A working game with client/server code
    2. Documentation on how to play game
    3. Reviewable GitHub history of the game's development process

Timeline:
Key Milestones:

    Sprint 1: Set up git hub, set up client/server connections on lab machines
    Sprint 2: Create the game UI with 2 clients on one single machine(split screen gameplay)
    Sprint 3: implement the client/server into the battle ship UI
    Sprint 4: Debug and play test the game
    Sprint 5: Add any features we can to increase playability/make the project more fun such as sound and visual effects

Task Breakdown:

    Github/client server - 3-4 hours
    Game itself: 2-4 hours
    Client/server game connections: 4-5 hours (may have problems with lab transfer)
    Debugging: 2-3 hours
    Extra features: NA (not sure how much we want to add)

Technical Requirements:
Hardware:

    Will need a server, 2 clients, no hardware requiremets as this is a very minimalistic game (8-bit)

Software:

Python, Socket library, any library that is good for video game UI, etc.
    
Assumptions:

    This assumes that Lab machines will be able to run the game, as both zach and I have pretty high end laptops/desktops

Roles and Responsibilities:

    Brice - Dev/PM
    Zach - Dev/PM

Communication Plan:

    We have frequent communication outside of this project, so this will not be an issue

Additional Notes:

    NA - Brice
